listening to a live impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Aye.
Bishop Richard Aye is the pastor of the First Love Church London.
It's a nomination founded by Bishop Dad Heward Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Welcome to First Love Church, the best place to be on a Sunday.
I am so excited for today's service.
There are going to be amazing ministrations from the Dancing Stars, the Film Stars, Greater Love Choir, and then we will hear the powerful word of God.
Be sure to comment what is blessing you we would love to hear from you.
Without further ado, let's go straight into the service.
Jesus!
Have a great day.
Let's blow it.
Save the soup.
Show him.
I don't want you to let this time pass you by.
I was reflecting on the garden who he is yesterday, and they brought me to the cover of Isaiah in chapter 40, which tells us that he's never lasting God.
He doesn't faint, and he doesn't grow weary.
That's why we've never seen the righteous forsaken.
So even if you're feeling faint, he is there to give you power,
When you have no might, he is there to give you strength.
All you have to do is wait upon him.
And as we sing into this song, that says that Lord, I believe in you.
I want you to surrender any problem that you have.
Any circumstance that you have, any feeling that you have, any answer, pray you're waiting for, any solution that you're waiting for.
Lift it up to God.
Surrender your hearts in worship as you tell him that Lord, I believe in you.
Just lift up your hands and hear they church.
I don't know what's on your mind.
I don't know what's on your heart, but I know the God that we serve.
It's never lasting God, and He will come through for us.
He will find that matter for us.
He will hear our hearts cry, and He will attend unto our prayer, although we can't see Him.
The whole eye can see your holy, holy face, and your throne in heaven.
So far away, sing for what I can't touch, though I can't touch.
I can't touch your nails, Lord.
I have a deep, I have a deep, unspeakable joy that makes my faith to stand.
Sing with a faithful heart.
Those I believe.
of God.
has gone up and been lifted up to you, O God, as the word comes, made a spirit of wisdom, knowledge, understanding, and revelation fall upon us with a word's brief spirit and life to our lives.
May we be changed and transformed, and may your perfect will be done this service.
In the name of Jesus we pray, and everyone give her loud amen.
this show on the road.
It's testimony time.
I was waiting.
I thought you'd be dancing.
Tell your neighbor that didn't have breakfast.
Don't you have a dance?
It's testimony time.
Camellia.
She's going to move.
Beautiful.
And as you're dancing, let's clap and welcome our system, BB, to give a powerful testimonials.
Popular.
Wow.
Bibi, tell us who you are and where you're from.
Hi, my name is Beatrice and I'm from Stardust and Dancing Stars.
Stardust and Dancing Stars.
It's a lot of stars, isn't it?
She's a star.
Tell us what your testimony is about.
So where does it begin?
So I think around the age of 30 to 40, I was like, my life was at an all time low.
I was really struggling.
I was struggling with depression, suicidal thought and moodiness.
Like I was literally so rude.
Like literally no one would like me because I was that rude.
Wow.
So what was the rudeness like?
How do you know that you were rude?
Don't you want to know?
Because rude is a bit, the definition is a bit broad.
So what did you do that was rude?
So I constantly insult everybody.
I wouldn't want to talk to anybody.
If you talk to me, I'll just be like, okay.
Wow, did you see that?
No, look, okay.
Yeah, so I think skip to about a year.
My sister, Debra, he's also in fast love.
And this was November 2018, so she invited me to the joint service.
So I always wanted to come to fast love, because when I was around,
the ages of seven to eight.
I was in Lighthouse in Peckham, so I was too young to go into first love then.
So I really wanted to come.
So when she invited me, I was like, yeah, I want to come, I want to come.
So I came to the service and literally all I remember about it is Bishop doing the article saying, like, if you know God, you're far from God, you're not where you're supposed to be.
You've got part of your hand and I put up my hand.
And then when he asked me to come to the front, I was like, oh, no.
I was like, oh.
And then I asked my sister, should I go to the front?
Should I go to the front?
And she was like, yeah, you should come to the front.
So I walked up to the front and I gave my life.
Wow, I thought you'd be clapping already.
She said she doesn't remember anything else about the service other than the article.
So those of you that have been inviting people, and then when they're over sleep, you say, OK, don't worry.
Tell them to come because they might make it for the article.
Amen.
Wow!
So how was your life different now to the way it was before?
So like, I don't even remember being healed from it, but I just remember it not being there.
Like, I'm no longer depressed, I'm no longer thinking about suicidal thoughts, I'm no longer, I'm sorry, I'm no longer moody, like people, it's weird to see me not smile, like... Yeah, I was smiling.
Wow, beautiful!
Clap for BB!
For such a powerful testimony.
Would you like one more?
I don't think you want one more, so let's move on.
So keep on clapping for our sister, Solange, who also has a powerful testimony.
Wow.
Solange.
Beautiful.
Wow.
You look so happy.
I'm happy because you're happy.
Doesn't you have a beautiful smile?
Wow, Solange, tell us who you are and what you do in church.
Solange and I'm from Dancing Stars.
And my testimony is about how God restored my faith and brought me out of loneliness.
Wow.
So growing up, I was often very lonely and very isolated and after the death of my mother at a young age, I went through a lot of grieving, especially at the ages of 14.
So I remember I just had started to have suicidal thoughts.
I remember one day I was actually cleaning the bathroom and I was like, this bottle of bleach looked so appealing to me.
And I just remember something that gripped my heart and was like, nah, not really, nah, just don't go down that path.
So at 14, my friend started to evangelize to me about this church he went to.
and how they spoke in tongues, and she brought in a Bible, she was Romanian, so she translated in Romanian, and I'd choose the verses that I want to read, and she'd translate them to me.
Wow, what a friend.
And so it really convicted me of the time and the current situation I was going through, and it really kind of understood me from coming from a place where I wasn't understood, and I didn't really have many people to talk to, so when I would read with her
the Bible that she'd bring in, it really like spoke to me.
So that was in year nine.
However, year 11, I went through a slippery slope last year.
Say a slippery slope.
Okay, so you need to explain to us now what does a slippery slope look like?
So I started to backslide.
I had put God in a really like high place in my life in year nine.
However, I started to backslide with like different friends.
My friends wanted to go shisha.
If you didn't do drink cups, you won't know.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, we slowed down.
Tell your level slow down.
Okay, so your friends started to do shisha.
Okay, so what is shisha?
For those of us that were born born again.
So I did actually, the problem was I didn't actually get to go because I grew up in a strict household, so I wasn't allowed to go.
Okay, so you weren't able to do the smoking.
You couldn't do the smoking.
Okay.
First year of uni 2017, I had a lot of friends, but most of them were like atheist or Muslim.
So they really like, there was no spiritual guidance anywhere there.
So they'd often encourage me to go clubbing with them.
Or just, you know, I remember, I told my friend something was empty inside of me.
I was often really lonely.
So something was really empty inside of me.
And I'd often tell her, she's like, do you have a man?
Have you ever dated?
So... Do you have a man?
Do you have a man?
me to go on tinder and so wow what's tinder it's a dating app okay don't go and look for it but she was encouraged with the wrong encouragement okay so what did you do
with friends.
I started to feel this wood with like seeking the attention of men and it really like didn't get me anywhere.
It just made me even more like lonely and more isolated.
Wow.
So last year in October, I started praying to God.
I started just reaching out to God to bring me more like holy friends, to bring me more Christian friends.
I wasn't going to any church or anything.
And so, fast forward to this year, May 19, 4.55 p.m. in KCL Live.
Hey!
What?
She remembers the time.
She remembers the day.
Some of you can't even remember what you had for breakfast.
Wow.
So 4.55 p.m. What happened?
I met Chanel and Timmy in case you're library.
So they started outreaching to me.
I started talking to me like, do you have a relationship with God?
I thought I did, but I really didn't.
They told me that they asked me, do your daily quiet time, prayer life was non-existent.
I didn't pray at all.
And so they invited me to center service that Thursday, May 23rd, 7 p.m. Wow.
And what happened on May the 23rd?
At the end it was preaching about parable, parable of the soul.
She was talking about parable of the sower.
She was talking about how the world comes and chokes the word out of you.
And I realized that's what happened when I was 14.
Because I was really zealous after God.
But then I started to replace it with material things.
And so she was talking about avoid being filled.
She was talking about baby Christians.
And I realized my heart was really crying for God at that age.
But I was trying to feel a permanent position with temporary solutions.
Wow!
I didn't know anyone there, I didn't know anyone there and she really spoke to me and that's when I gave my life and I'm here today, I'm peaceful.
Wow.
Say what is Jesus?
What a savior.
He's the savior of the world.
So what would you say to somebody that's here for the first time, here in your testimony?
Just trust in God.
He has a plan for you.
Don't give up.
Don't be.
Just just see God with all your heart.
And don't try to replace.
When you feel like you have a word, just really like, see God and don't be like misled in the ways of the world.
Wow.
What a testimony.
Are you encouraged?
I feel like giving my life to Jesus again.
Wow.
Well, keep on clapping because it's time for... Are you ready?
It's the greatest choir in London!
The greatest choir in the UK!
The greatest allowed gospel choir!
Thank you.
For God's and how much time you spend watching movies Have you forgotten how much time you spend at the club?
I believe that you're asking such a stupid question I love church, I have no apologies
away at the Lord your God and your history is my secret house the sweet fellowship I find in the church I have no apologies
I love church cuz I get to see When you are That is how you know that you Because you love the prayer
Throw up him the Lord Jesus.
and how much time you spend watching movies.
Have you forgotten how much time you spend at the club?
I am amazed for sure.
like joining the choir after, not since I was putting your hands down.
But the rest of the church, wow.
So if you'd like to join the choir, you can see Selah after church to be part of the greatest choir in the UK.
Amen.
Are you still excited?
I think that, I don't know what happens, but it's like you, today you're a bit like London weather.
One minute you're hot, then you're chilly.
Then it's raining.
Are you still excited?
Poke your neighbor again and say, are you alive?
Are you awake?
Did they say they're alive and awake?
They're here.
Okay, beautiful.
Well, with excitement and with Jesus' joy, I want you to welcome, I think, my favorite group in the church.
I just love them so much.
IT'S THE DONE SINCE!
It's pussies
no substitute for action.
If Jesus Christ died for me, no sacrifice can be too great.
For me to make for my
It's a mission, it's still the same When Mother Bridge thank God for to every creature Sympathy is no substitute for action If Jesus Christ died for me Then no sacrifice can be too brave
soon.
Yeah!
The souls of men came to seek that which was lost, suffered under Pontius Pilate, crucified for you and I, and he shared his blood for us.
So get up, stand up.
You must fight the fight.
Get up, stand up.
Don't give up the fight, no.
They could do, they went to the ends of the world Paul went to the Gentown nations, preaching Christ to them William Carey bought what India Adenerum Jetson bought for Burma Susan Dolph went to the ends of the world and the queue had fought Ghana So get up, stand up You must fight the fight
Get up, stand up.
Don't give up the time.
You must fight the fight.
Your turn to do the work of God Others have worked now, we must work for this generation We can't sit and make excuses Playing games with the word of God Gets him married and making babies To him business and changing jobs We are in a fight, yeah A fight to win the loss You gotta get up, get up
Get up, stand up.
Don't give up the time.
No, no.
Get up, stand up.
You must fight the fight.
Go watch your day, like to see Shayoluwa I'll go watch your day, not to care they hear a ring, and to me and rule so soon Say a day, what's what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong, what's wrong,
Get up, stand up You must fight the fight Get up, stand up Don't give up the fight No, don't give up, stand up You must fight the fight Get up, stand up Don't give up the fight
You gotta get up, stand up, get up, stand up, get up, stand up, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Wow, did you enjoy that beautiful song?
Well, we've come to the most important time in our service.
Amen.
How many of you were here last week?
Were you blessed by the message last week?
Wow.
Well, I believe that today you'll be even more blessed and that by the time you leave this place, your life will be permanently transformed.
Amen.
So with a standard ovation, I clap in our hat with a shout to God.
Let's welcome our pastor, Bishop Rich and I.
Come on, sing it.
Sing it, make that confession.
Stay the same for you.
Thank you for this blessed opportunity to be in your presence.
We lift our hands and surrender to you, Lord.
Do as you will in our lives today.
Give us miracles.
Give us blessings.
Let there be a change for the better Lord.
Thank you for your power.
Thank you for your healing.
Thank you for revelation, Lord.
Correct that which needs to be corrected in us, Lord.
Bless us at the hearing of your word.
Thank you, Father, for the power of your word, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for great opportunity to hear your word and to receive your word today.
Let your perfect will be done amongst us.
Satan, I kiss you.
I bind you.
I curse every operation of yours here.
And Father, thank you that your kingdom shall be established amongst us.
Let your will be done, heavenly Father.
In Christ Jesus' name I pray, and everybody shouted, amen.
Shout another amen.
Beautiful, God bless you, take your seats in heavenly places.
Well, today, we want to start sharing something new.
Last week, we finished on a make-full proof of your ministry.
I mean, if we were blessed by that series, sound ain't good, too much bass, bass zero, zero zero bass, and it feels like an echo.
I was asking you how many were blessed by making full proof of your ministry.
Beautiful.
So I want to start something new for a few weeks.
Are you excited about new things?
Okay, will you have been new things?
So I'll be talking to you about Tython.
Okay, yes.
Are you excited to hear about Tython?
Yeah, I'll be sharing with you about Tython.
Today, I'll be talking to you about how tithes fulfill the laws of wealth creation.
That is a title for today.
I'm coming on.
So how tithes fulfill the laws of wealth creation?
In other words, how ask you are tithing, you are creating and generating wealth for yourselves?
I mean, if you know that to be successful, it's not an easy thing.
I mean, I've tried being successful.
are different things, different areas.
It's not that simple.
Have you ever tried getting an A in a subject before?
How many of you have tried getting an A before and eventually you settle for a C?
Yeah, you just said, look, C is good enough.
You haven't failed.
Yes, because you discovered it's not that you were allergic to an A.
or you don't like having AIDS, but you discover that, you know, this eighth thing, it looks like, it takes more than I thought.
Maybe you thought that studying late into the night, studying long hours, memorizing things is all that it takes, that you discover that.
It takes a bit more, it takes a bit more, because it takes a deeper understanding of the subject.
And you thought,
You haven't understood it, but you haven't understood it.
So there's a combination of things that makes things work.
Or maybe you thought that by now you haven't beloved.
Isn't it?
You're a little hush-hush on that one.
Is it a sore point?
I'm saying it anyway.
Maybe you thought that by now you haven't beloved.
Or maybe by now you are married.
Then you realize as you move them that it takes, it looks like it takes a bit more than a pretty face.
And a nice that you're pretty, it's not like you're not pretty, you're pretty.
You've even enhance your beauty with a bit of dusty powder.
I saw someone this morning, I was saying to myself that look, she looks 18.
without the dusty powder.
Yes, because earlier in the week I told her that I'll give up on this thing.
Yes, she said she would try.
I noticed this one that she has tried.
She looks 18 years.
Before she looked...
I haven't said anything.
But this morning she looks 18.
She looks young, fresh, and you know, like the fin.
Have you also seen?
Have you seen the person I'm talking about?
Yeah, you haven't seen.
Okay, if you look carefully, but I will share the grace you'd have seen.
Yeah.
But anyway, I was making a point and I was saying that sometimes you think that this is what would work.
You think your beautiful face is what would give you some things, but it takes more than a beautiful face.
It takes more than it.
Sometimes you've been discovered and you go, how many have you been for a wedding before?
You've attended a wedding before, in your lifetime, if I attended a wedding.
Have you ever attended a wedding before?
Rebecca, the lady next year has never attended a wedding.
I mean, if I attended a wedding before, wedding.
Oh yeah, she just remembered that she's attending the wedding.
Did you, there's something that you must have noticed when you attended a wedding.
That you must have discovered that.
It's not the most beautiful girl who was getting married.
Yeah.
It's not the most beautiful girl.
Sometimes even the maid of Anna looks nicer than the bride.
How many of you have seen that before?
Yeah.
So that alone even gives you the message that
Oh, we thought that it's, it's done by beauty.
That's not by beauty.
You can meet a beautiful person, but when you start interacting with a person, or your alarm bells go off, you start thinking, mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm
I want peace at home.
Because you can see very early that you have peace at home.
It's very clear.
When you start, you say, no, this one.
When I open the front and I'm entering the house, I'll be attacked.
I need to enter the house peacefully and sleep.
When I sleep, I want to sleep.
So you discover that it's not what you've seen.
There's more to it.
That's why you don't understand why someone likes someone.
Have you ever wondered why somebody likes someone that you don't like?
So you don't understand why someone likes someone that you don't like?
Like food.
So that you don't know why someone likes a certain type of food that you don't like.
You even said that the person food stinks.
But the person is really loving it and slapping it away.
And you are wondering, why is this person eating this food?
Every time I sit on the train and I see people who are having the idea.
I'm sure it's the idea.
I mean, I don't know, but I'm sure it's the idea.
And I see what they are eating.
I always say to myself, I'm always tempted to ask them, is that it?
When you get to them, are you really going to sleep over this?
Because when I look at it, I say, I'm thinking to myself, no, when I get home, it's either all or nothing.
When I see people busy putting their fingers into the max and spencer package,
And pinching half a slice of bread, because it's two slices put together, where you cut it diagonally, that you fold it, put it in.
So you pinch one, that's one slice of bread.
That you are having at 4 p.m. till tomorrow.
And you are not on diet.
You don't have any health problems.
I always thought, I'm telling my genuine thoughts.
I don't know whether you are like that or not, but if you are like that, then I see.
That's what I'll be thinking.
I'm not saying it, but I'll be thinking, is that it?
Are you sure?
Are you serious?
It isn't really, I mean, can I really take you to the following day?
Because others are like...
I'm if you also understand what I'm saying.
I'm not alone.
You see what busy it?
with a small cup of coffee.
And I always, one day I'll ask, I'll tell you what the president said.
I'm going to pray for me that I don't get rebuked on the train.
Yes, pray for me that I don't get rebuked.
Because if I'm rebuked, I also come and tell you that I ask them, because I'm going to ask for you.
Yes, I come and tell you that they said, oh, no, no, no, no, when they get to them, there's other things.
I'm going to ask her, I come and tell you.
I really would ask someone, one of them, is that it?
I mean, is that it till tomorrow or till breakfast?
Is that it?
It can't be.
It couldn't be.
But I'm saying that some of the things you don't like is what somebody likes.
And you actually don't understand why the person likes it.
You don't, you said you don't like someone like somebody because your interaction with the person has all gone off.
And you see, the person is still with the person.
So even what you've experienced, the person who even claims they like the person has also experienced, but the person is still with the person.
And you are wondering, why?
You are telling me to ask, do you know this person?
What do you like about the person?
Why are you so loyal to the person?
Why are you so stuck?
Because different things work.
There are different things that are working.
And sometimes what is working is what you are not aware that this one is working.
So in the laws of wealth creation, it's not that easy to become wealthy or to become rich or even to be successful.
It's not that simple.
It's not that the equation, the equation for wealth creation is not a linear equation.
Do you understand linear?
You've got to remember a bit of arithmetic.
In year nine, do you remember having year nine?
Yeah.
You've forgotten year nine.
It's not, it's not, it's not, it's not another word.
It's not straightforward.
Or it's not straight.
It has caves.
It takes a different shape and a different form.
It's like church growth.
Growing off a church, it's not as simple as fasting and praying.
that are faster than I've created or I share or I share or reduce after the service.
Most good things are not achieved or acquired in six simple steps or becoming anointed.
It's not as simple as six simple steps.
I'm sure some of you have tried to become anointed before.
How many of you would like to be anointed?
you will become anointed.
But it is not as simple as that.
Many times what is working is what you don't think is a thing that is working.
The scripture says in Romans 828, it says our things work together for good.
There are always a combination of things that are working.
So you never kick out one thing out of your life.
a major on two other things or some other thing.
Always try to keep everything intact and be working on them because you don't actually know which switch, which switch is providing the light.
And when you discover the switch that produces the light, always keep that switch on.
Wow.
A lot of things are working.
A lot of things are playing.
Things are playing together.
And one of the things that Tyvin does to you is that it enrolls you or it activates in your life the loss of wealth creation.
It helps you to become wealthy and to become prosperous.
How many of you like to be wealthy?
I've not met anybody who would like to be poor yet.
I mean, since I was born.
I'm here to meet the person.
Are you here today?
No, not you.
I mean, the person wants to be poor.
I know it's not you.
So, look at this verse.
Look at Proverbs chapter 8.
Proverbs chapter 8.
Does wisdom not cry and understanding put forth a voice?
She standeth in the top of high places by the way in the places of the path.
She cries at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors.
On to you, oh man, I call, and my voice is to the sons of men.
Oh, ye simple, understand wisdom.
And ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart.
Wow.
Let me read verse five again.
I think you need it to hear that one again.
All ye simple.
Is it a simple person is a non complex person and a non complex thinking person.
Someone who doesn't analyze things much.
Someone who really believes that when you add one to one, the answer will always be two.
That's a simple minded person.
He always feels that if you go down this road, you end up down the road.
He's never imagined other possibilities on the cat that can happen down the road.
So that's a simple minded person.
A simple minded person is easily cheated.
He's very gullible.
He assumes, he assumes it would work.
He assumes it's going to work.
A simple minded person doesn't put in much effort into life.
You even see the attitude of a simple minded person towards his education.
He jokes with it.
He plays with it and believes that, look, come what me.
I will make it.
Let me just, let me just enter the place and scribble a couple of things and I'll be okay.
That's a simple minded person.
Anything that is, anything that is difficult is too difficult for the person.
Anything that's a little complex is too hard, difficult and is too complex.
It's like, I can't, I can't apply myself to it.
But the reality of life is that you need to apply yourself to things.
before you see the prophet or the advantage in nothing.
That's what the scripture says, I give thyself holy and thy profiting will appear to all.
You need a certain abandonment of yourself to the principles or biblical principles of life for you to see the advantages thereof.
That's why you see something you see on all the person.
Thereins, aunties, uncles,
whatever they are, whatever shit they wear.
Who would tell you that?
What you are doing, we've done it before.
They see, but the difference between you and them is that they didn't throw themselves at it and throw themselves at it long enough to see the fruits.
Because what you are doing, I've also done it and I'm still doing it.
If I was several of you, I was doing it before you were born.
And I'm still at it.
So it works.
So when someone tells you that what you are doing, you're doing a good thing.
And they say, what you are doing?
I've done it before.
It didn't work.
That person actually missed a step or missed some steps on the way.
That is why they've come up with a new message or theory or ideology that this thing doesn't work, but it works.
So this person I'm reading from
province chapter eight is to introduce you to wisdom and the wise things of life before I start today's message.
Today's message is going to be short because it's a big design introduction.
In the new series you have an introduction to it before you get into the meat of the message.
So today is just the introduction.
Do you like introductions?
But introducing you to understand that
that there's something in this life called wisdom that is how to do things or how to get things done.
It's like how to prosper, how to be successful, how to do well, how to be successful in school, how to be successful in your marriage, how to be successful in your Christian life, how to do well.
It's called wisdom, the wisdom for it, the wisdom for it.
How to have a prosperous life?
There's the wisdom for it.
If you don't have that wisdom, you can't do it.
You will try different things.
You will try different ideas.
It's even funny.
You try different ideas.
And it doesn't work that you come up with a new idea that these things don't work.
But they work.
Just that you didn't abandon
and throw yourself at it, and try it hard enough, hard enough, hard enough.
You had her sister's testimony.
She's tried to be a Christian before.
You should ask her after the service up.
What is she doing now that she didn't do before?
And I can tell you the answer.
The answer would be the before she tried, but she wasn't devoted and committed to Christianity.
She just said, I'm a Christian.
held onto other friends, held onto other lifestyles, held onto different things.
You see, held onto it and assumed, you see, in a simple-minded way that once I have said, I believe in Jesus, everything would change for me.
But it is not that simple.
Nothing is that simple.
When I got saved, I changed all my friends.
All.
Except, except nobody.
Everybody was a shit out of my life and the new set were brought into my life.
That was me and salvation.
Everybody, male, female, tall, short, black, blue, brown, green, yellow, everybody out and the new set.
It was lonely, you know.
It was lonely and hard, but I was determined.
And for me, it didn't make sense of how I am now having a new life.
I want to save God.
I want to worship God and how I can have all other things tagging along.
Look, everything changed.
When friends change, where you go will change.
When where you go changes, what you talk about will change.
When what you talk about changes, what you do will also change.
When I see people who say that, okay, now I'm a Christian, but they still have the old system and the old ways and the old crowds still around them.
I know they won't last.
And those are the peasants don't go to last.
I mean, you won't last.
Either you won't last or you won't do well.
You will never grow and become anything significant.
You'll still be the same old poor or good old Johnny who goes to church every Sunday.
But Monday to Saturday is in its old life.
In Sundays, like, I mean, how do I use my Sundays?
Let me come, let me go to church.
Is it check?
Is it become like a hobby?
Instead of a lifestyle, it can become, especially when there are young people.
It's a place to hang out.
You meet people, you meet new friends, you meet potential, you know.
Romantic relationships can develop.
Here and there, everybody has different reasons why they are where they are.
There are those who are dead serials with God and there are those who are playing.
Many, many people when they shared that they will say to you that when I went to uni, my aim wasn't, I'm away from my parents.
So easy, they're school, they're whatever, whatever their admissions office, whatever, have serious, they feel they've got someone who has qualified coming to study, but you are not thinking about qualification or qualification.
You don't even understand how you got those grades into that course.
It's like you have come, you have come with a new idea.
It's like I'm not coming to live a life that I didn't get under the watchful eyes of Mami and Daddy.
So it says that, all ye simple.
Understand wisdom.
In other words, understand how things are done.
Understand how things work.
Don't be simple minded.
In other words, go deeper.
Go deeper and get broader because there are different options.
on how things can work, a combination of different things that will make things work for you in this life.
You wait till I start telling you the laws.
I'm sure I'll do much like three laws.
And then you'll see that, oh, so this is what is happening to me when I'm just doing this particular thing.
This is what is happening.
Is it that there are even people that when you meet in your life,
You'll be thinking, you'll be thinking that you've met somebody, perhaps you'll be thinking, this place is a nuisance.
But no, the person is rather like a test in your life to test your Christianity and your commitment to God and your eel deadness to the Holy Spirit.
You see different people.
Can you love them?
Can you live with them?
Can you care for them?
Can you work with them?
There are different ways and you'll be thinking of hold of this species and nuisance.
No, he's not a nuisance.
It's testing something in you because God loved the world.
Wow.
Oh, he's simple.
Understand wisdom.
And ye fools, mercy.
I'm reading the Bible.
I'm not saying anybody's a fool.
And ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart.
Let me move on quickly to verse six.
Then he says, here, here, for I will speak of excellent things, and the opening of my lips shall be right things, for seven.
For my mouth shall speak truth, and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.
All the words of my mouth are in righteousness.
There is nothing forward or pervious in them.
I listen to wisdom.
They are all plain to him that understandeth.
a right to them that find knowledge.
Oh, beautiful.
Receive my instruction and not silver.
And knowledge rather than choice gold.
Are you here?
Are you with me?
For wisdom is better than rubies.
And all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.
Because all the things that you desire in this life, it cannot be compared to wisdom.
All the things you ever desire cannot be compared to when you have been told how to do something or what to do.
Because sometimes when we are told what to do, we don't do it.
We follow the things we are desiring than following the wisdom on how to achieve those things.
So I think the scripture is speaking to us, isn't it?
And he's saying that,
Wisdom is better than rubies and all the things that you are going to say can't be compared to it.
Sometimes we are driven more by what we want than how to get what we want.
So when you throw away, when you throw away wisdom, you throw away the great treasures of stability and blessings in your life.
So you may have, you may grab the things that you're looking for, but you won't get it in a legal way or in a blessed way.
You may look for, you may be sharing an iPad.
How do you get an iPad?
I've never bought this, but you can be driven so much if I need an iPad or you'll snuck somebody's iPad.
You have become a thief, because you snuck an iPad.
Though you have an iPad now in your hands by your teeth, he says wisdom cannot be compared to anything else that you are doing in this life.
That is, learning how to do something the right way can't be compared to just a feeling of getting it and an edge to get it.
The Bible says, are stolen waters are sweet.
Can you show us whatever is stolen waters are sweet?
That's why you still have a light pad.
Stolen waters, they are sweet, darling.
Stolen waters.
Just type stolen waters.
Oh, you got to look for bread, eating, and secret.
It's also a good option.
Ah.
Stolen waters are sweet, and bread, eating, and secret is pleasant.
I think you know what I'm talking about.
It's nice.
It doesn't affect the taste.
A stolen iPod is still an iPod.
Don't think that, don't think that because it is stolen or because it's been done in secret, it will have a different feel.
The effect will be the same.
But soon you discover what is missing.
So look at the next verse.
18.
But he knows not that the dead are there and that her guests are in the depths of hell.
If you knew would he be drinking that water?
or eating the bread that now is like now, you are being entertained in hell.
But before it was sweet, it was nice.
It's enjoyable.
Hmm.
There's totally water.
It's nice, isn't it?
And bread eating in secret.
I mean, have you come, have you got, have you arrived home?
After a long day you are tired, you need some privacy, then you dish out some food, and then you enter your room.
Shut the door.
Sit down.
Open your legs.
And you start eating no disturbance.
No disturbance.
You put your phone on airplane mode.
And you sit.
Is it that food taste?
It taste different than when you're on the phone talking to someone and eat it.
Yeah.
There are a lot of things that you could have done under the eyes of wisdom.
And you would have enjoyed it.
And the results would have been better.
The same thing.
It's not like don't do it, but it was done in a wrong way.
So you never ended up with what you wanted.
Because you didn't do it in the right way.
You had stolen waters and you had bread eaten in secret.
Take me back to my Proverbs 8.
Wow.
Verse 12.
I wisdom dwell with prudence and find out knowledge of witty inventions, 13.
The fear of the Lord is to hate evil, pride and arrogance and the evil way.
And the flowered mouth, do I hate?
No problem.
So if you talk anyhow, you feel like I should talk.
So you are talking.
That's how you're feeling.
I don't know if you talk how you feel.
It's how I feel.
I'm a sage.
Don't answer.
Don't answer one.
He says that counsel is mine and sound wisdom.
I am understanding.
I have strength.
Okay.
By me, kings reign and princes decree justice.
This wisdom.
By me, princes rule and nobles, even all the judges of the earth, the 17.
This is the best I've been looking for.
This is what I wanted to take you.
I love them that love me.
And those that seek me any shall find me.
Wisdom is very much related to time.
You are wise when you discover the wisdom for that area of your life at an early age or at an early stage or an early face of life.
A lot of people, a lot of people have become wise, but they became wise too late.
When they became wise, the wisdom they have acquired is of no use to them anymore.
But they have become efficient, they have become wise.
That's the one you see elderly people, they talk a lot and they give lectures.
Sometimes you see as a person speaking passionately and always correctly, you can say what the person is talking about, they don't have it in their life.
So what you're saying to is that without saying it, because sometimes the pride of life prevents you from saying clearly.
So you see what the person is saying to you is that don't make the mistake that I made.
Don't do it.
Without telling you that the folly you are about to go through, I went through the same kind of foolishness.
Because now the person has become wise.
A gray head is a wise person.
That's why I said, will you honor the gray head?
Will you see gray head, honor the person?
I make gray head that is actually old.
This is because of the chicken and things.
People develop all sorts of things early.
Messy.
No, no, no, no, no.
Stay with my verse.
I love them that love me.
And those that seek me, Ellie shall find me.
Seek wisdom, Ellie, Ellie as a young person, as a young person.
seeking when a wisdom, when a wisdom key is thrown at you.
Don't say that.
I don't need it.
I don't need it now.
I don't know what to do with it.
No, keep it.
Because those that seek me early are the ones that find.
In other words, they are the ones that benefit from what they've bought.
Don't be advanced in years.
As I know, you'd be saying that, you know, you wish, you wish you could tell.
You say, when you meet other people, do we say, I wish,
I wish, I wish they'll listen to you.
They'll be telling the pastor, I wish all these young people they listen to you.
Then those, then they'll say, if I had, if I had what they are hearing now, when I was their age.
So what you're hearing, others are wishing they had it and they lent it.
Life will be better.
Life will be far better.
and there are different wisdom, there are different wistoms, if there's a word like that, different wistoms that you would discover on the journey of life.
When you see, when you see the wisdom, you see a wisdom, keep it up, pick it up and put it in your pocket.
Don't work, I always say, I don't know, I don't know what to do with this thing, I don't know what to do with it.
Don't be like Esau, don't be like Esau, who felt, who felt
in a moment of time that I don't need my best right.
I need food.
Don't be like the rich man who in hell lifted up his eyes and saw Lazarus and Abraham's bosom and started giving instructions and his last instructions that I have five brothers.
I have five brothers.
If you don't go and tell them what I'm saying, they also end up here.
I have five brothers go and tell them that hell is a real place.
No, don't be like that person.
Understand and receive wisdom, Ellie, Ellie.
So as you grow up, as you move along in that wisdom grace, life gets better and better.
There are keys, there are keys hanging on the journey.
There are keys hanging on the journey.
the journey keeps.
Some, some, some plug them off, plug them off, put it in a bucket.
No, I've got this wisdom, the keys that's on their way.
So today, it's as I'm talking to you about wealth creation, how to become rich and prosperous.
But I'm explaining to you in a Biblical way, how tithes, because tithing is the scriptural thing.
How tithes activate the laws of wealth creation.
Number one.
Are you going to receive this wisdom?
Like you receive how to work for the Lord?
OK.
There we go.
Number one.
Tiber and Christians fulfill the law of humility, which creates wealth.
When you are a tiger, it is an act of humility.
You must be humble to be a tiger.
Have you seen anybody who is serious with your business?
That's how it runs a shop, a restaurant, whatever.
When the person is present and you enter the place, so the attitude is different from the other workers.
They treat you better.
You see, I have a place where I buy Dora Kibab from.
And for a long time, every time I go, it feels just like a small portion.
the gentleman that will give me a large bottle of Pepsi for free.
He would just say, oh, my friend, Pepsi, my friend, my friend?
Eight of a, all the day, you ask, anything else, anything else?
I say, oh, no.
Then when he wraps my thing for me, then you go under the table and pull out a large, large, not a can, large bottle.
Two liters, two liters, okay.
I never looked, I just drank it.
And then he always says, my friend, take this one, this for you, it's on the house, this for you, all the time, all the time without fail.
Then one day I went there, he wasn't there.
You wait, he listened to the end of my story.
Then there was this, short, elderly, angry man.
So as usual, I was being my friendly self.
I asked for my donut kebab.
When he erupted, he said, this is the price.
The price was almost twice as much as what I've been paying.
So I said, oh, because I didn't know who he was.
So I said, how?
My friend, I said, my friend.
Every time I come here, this what he gives me, he even gives me a drink.
Hey!
He said, this old man behind the counter, it was almost like he was convulsing.
I saw he was about to have an epileptic fit.
He said, because he's the fool.
He's the fool.
That's why he's been doing that.
That's why you never see him again.
He's the fool.
Hey, how's that?
Can I have my donut?
Let me go quickly.
Yes.
I didn't know that I've come to add to the man's walls.
No, no, he's been fired.
Because I think he's been sharing things.
He was trembling behind the curtain.
He did not want to charge you and he gives you a dream for free.
He's the fool.
It was scary.
Look, I took my thing.
I said, I beg.
He said, that is why you will not see him again.
And I haven't seen my friend again.
So I've stopped going there.
I've discovered another place.
Yeah.
So humility, humble.
That is it.
When you humble yourself, you're safe.
And when you are serving, you look more attractive.
You look more beautiful.
That's what I was saying today.
You don't know why somebody likes someone.
You don't know why.
Perhaps someone likes someone only because the person is humble.
No argument, no talking back, no fighting, no resistance.
You will feel comfortable where, where,
You are celebrated and honored.
Not where you are challenged.
Not where everything you say you are, the response is why.
Sisters, maybe I'm giving you a tip.
Yeah, learn it.
Learn it, you go very far.
Very, it's not by beauty.
It is not by, you told me you've been for weddings and you saw that the middle of Anna was nicer than the bride.
I'm sure if you don't catch it, if you're nicer than the bride.
Yeah, it must have woken to you.
It must have woken to you.
Speak the truth and shame the devil.
But the reason why the pride has been chosen is not because of beauty.
He likes her.
She's nice to him.
She's humble.
She's flowy.
She respects him.
She accepts him.
She talks to him.
Even if she doesn't feel like talking, even if she doesn't, because it's him, she will talk.
She will talk.
She will talk with a nice voice.
She modulates.
When she sees her, it's his name on the phone.
The hello is not, hello.
So he will say, are you sleeping and say, yes, I was asleep.
What time do you call this?
No, that's rudeness.
That's rudeness and pride.
I'm awake.
Just say hello, are you serious?
No, I'm awake.
It's okay.
Then her next question would be, how are you?
How has your day been?
Where are you now?
Are you home yet?
Hope you've had, hope you've had something to eat and that you'll pick up the conversation from where the last left off that I hope your boss was nice to you today or how was lectures?
I hope you are getting on well since she's making a conversation.
If you thought she's tired and sleepy, maybe has a headache or maybe having has abdominal pains.
But the person is willing to pay the price to entertain and to have this person.
How do you always think it?
It's me.
That's why there's a difference.
That's all I can say.
You think it's beauty?
You think it's hair?
It's not hair.
I am not many years ago when this man came to see me after church.
His introduction was, talked to my wife.
He said, why people are... No, no, no, sorry, not a man, a lady, a lady.
He said, talk to my husband, talk to my husband.
It was a little...
I said, relax, talk to me about what?
He said, no, I've done this, my new hairstyle, everybody in the church, they say, I look nice, all my friends are there.
He alone, since yesterday, since Friday, he hasn't said anything.
Talk to him, I said, is that all?
He said, yes.
As when I was sitting, well, I was sitting in the church hall.
I could see the husband, because the husband does something, particularly in the church, after the church.
So he was busy doing what he does at the end of the service.
So I said, hey, Jack, come here, come here, come here, come here.
Jack!
Hey, call me Jack.
So Jack comes with glee and a smile on his face, happy.
So I, Madam was sitting there, moody, grumpy,
Great weather with her hair.
So I just said to Jack that Jack sit down.
Jack said, sit.
Jack was still happy.
He's like, I mean, I'm happy.
There's no problem.
So I asked Jack question one, do you like your wife?
I think he actually put his hand around there.
He said, very, very much rev.
Rev, I really like it.
I said, oh, really?
Then I asked him question two.
What do you like about your wife?
And then he started vomiting the things he likes about it.
She's humble.
She respects me.
She's tidy.
She's pissed.
I mean, he was saying all the things.
So I was waiting for it to come in.
I really like it.
He said everything.
I mean, he said so many things about it.
He didn't mention it.
So when he finished, he was wondering, and she was also wondering, like, why am I going with this?
I've come to tell you that I need my hair to be praised.
So when she finished, I said to her, I said to her, can you see that he doesn't like you?
He didn't marry you because of your hair.
So if I'm a TV youth, I'll stop wasting time.
trying to get his attention about my hair, rather stay with these qualities that he has mentioned.
Because these are the things he's saying he likes.
It's other ladies who like, hey, guys, I'm not so much into it.
We can say that you look nice, but we don't even know what makes you look nice.
Yes.
We don't really know what makes you look nice.
We can say you look nice.
I mean, you look nice.
We're happy when you look nice, but it is not, it's not the most attractive thing about you.
The most attractive thing is your behavior.
And whether your tongue is sharp or blunt.
That's what, that's what makes you beautiful.
Your beauty, your beauty is in your hidden parts.
Not this, not this social, social.
How do you notice your shoes?
We can see that you look nice.
But as to what is making you look nice, we don't know.
But what was that relating with this?
She's very nice.
She's a very nice person.
Very, very nice.
She's very caring.
She's very gentle.
She respects, respect, respect, humility.
Yes, like men.
This is the person to be with.
Not the person who is in there.
Why don't you know?
Why do you chew on the right side of your mouth?
Why don't you chew in the middle?
Sisters, are you hearing?
Yeah.
Was one sister say he picks his nose?
He picks his nose.
And I say, you haven't seen something worse than that.
The others when they pick it, they lick it like lollipop.
I had a friend like that.
We had to beg him to stop.
Whether it's solid or liquid, when it comes out,
He should tell us that it's very tasty.
So you see now, now, now you may not realize, but your ability to stand up and say that I'm tired when I'm bringing my time onto the Lord.
is an act of humility.
Because the money is yours.
It is your money.
It is yours.
100% is yours.
It is for you.
10% of means 10% less.
It's like you are west of arithmetic.
That's arithmetic.
100% take away 10%, is what?
90%, 90% and 100%, which one is higher?
100, yes.
So by any way, human thinking, a human calculation that you want to put it, you are west of.
And it doesn't make, that's why you, you're, you're, you're, you're just almost explodes on, it's like, don't give me what you got, why do I bring my time?
What do you mean?
It takes humility.
This is when you bring the, this is what the Bible says.
The tithe is the Lord.
Bring me all the time and see if, see if I will not pour out a blessing on your life.
You see, when down you are fulfilling something that doesn't make mathematical sense.
The money is yours.
You went to work and ended.
It is for you.
It is, I may be helping you to, if you like to be more stable.
But when you give in, you say no, it is the Lord.
Let me bring you to the Lord.
You don't even know what you are doing, but you are demonstrated.
It's not like God needs your money, but you are demonstrating to God humility and your faith in Him and your faith in His web.
So actually, I come and say, you've rather activated something that you've never thought of.
How many of you have never thought that time has ended with humility?
You thought humility was to say, yes, please.
A lot of rude people say, yes, please.
Rude, as you're being rude, you're saying, yes, please.
Even in the rudeness, they say, yes, please.
There's a tribe, there's a tribe on the continent that I dropped onto.
Their language is so polite.
Everyone that insulting you, they'll say, please, they'll say, please, you have food.
Yes.
Please, you have food.
Please, you don't have sense.
Please, stupid man.
There's a tribe.
And you see me in the smaller meeting after here, I can tell you the tribe.
That's how they talk.
Very polite, very polite, ladies and gentlemen.
Punge insulting.
Please, you fool.
Excuse me to say you are an idiot.
Look, some of those expressions do not mean you are humble.
Yes, please, no, please, thank you, please.
Oh, if you are typing, yes, please, or saying that, yes, please, you don't even believe in what you're saying.
Humility, and your title, you are activating something that is mostly, something that is like an in-wet, in-wet trait that you develop.
God, humility, it's activated.
Look, it's almost like, it doesn't make sense, but I believe in it.
I believe this is what the Bible says.
I believe this is what the Bible says about it.
Psalm 75.
Wow.
Arrogant people don't do well in life.
Arrogant shop owner.
Arrogant business owner.
He doesn't do well.
Everybody leaves us.
Look at that man.
Since then, I don't go there to buy my don't like you, but I found somewhere else.
Even because of the way he is, I have convinced myself, this one tastes better.
Even though it doesn't, but I have convinced myself, it tastes better.
How did they lose?
How did they lose me?
Harrogans.
And epileptic seizures.
He was fuming and having facts.
Fits of rage.
There's six or 16, which one is it?
Six, there's six, there's six.
For promotion come at neither from the east nor from the west nor from the south, there's seven.
But God is the judge.
He put it down one and set it up another.
Will you not like God to put you up?
How many of you like God to put you up?
Then choose his ways.
Choose his ways, choose his wisdom.
Because promotion doesn't come, it doesn't come from the, it doesn't come from the places you think it will come from.
I don't know how long you've lived in this world, but I've seen poor doctors before, I've seen poor baristas, I've seen poor architects, I've seen poor engineers, I've seen poor court idea names, bankers, I've seen, I mean, I've seen, name the top professors, I've seen an example of one that is totally broke,
with his degree.
After all, you can't even get jobs.
After quality, they can't get a job.
God, the reason why they didn't choose you is not, it's not part of the regular list.
It's not part of the regular list.
I met a man who employs people once.
I met him and he said, he said to me, he said to me, when I see the name of the, even he said, even the name of the person I said to myself, I don't like him.
He said, just the name.
How will you know this before you apply for the job?
The only thing you can know is God.
Yes, because promotion comes from Him.
Promotion comes from Him.
May God lift you up.
Amen.
I say, may God lift you up.
How would you know?
How would you know so that you can change your name from Abiba to Loyce?
You wouldn't know.
And if you apply, I say, my name is Abiba.
Abiba, Abiba, when you say this, I say Abiba from where?
We treat this.
She just falls off from.
She's called Abiba.
Hey, I don't like any Abiba here.
But if you apply for the job, you say, my name is Lois.
You say, whoa.
Lois is loosening him up.
Lois.
So I like to see Lois.
If he has you working, you're working like Abiba, but your name is Lois.
Promotion.
Promotion comes from God.
Promotion is from God.
So go the God way.
Humble yourself and go the whole God way.
Don't be so stuck up.
Don't say it's hard work.
Hard work.
People work hard.
People work very, very, very hard.
You see someone who works hard before people work hard.
You say it's hard work.
It's not just hard work.
If I'm talking to you about laziness, but now I'll be telling you, work hard, study hard, do this hard, but it's not just hard work.
Hard work is eliminating another vice in your life that is laziness, but it is not just the hard work that you need.
You need the grace of God and the message of God and the help of God.
You need God's help.
So unknown to you, as you are tithing, you're saying, I'm humble.
And the Scripture says, God gives grace to the humble.
He gives grace to the humble.
That is, the humble is favored.
You'll be favored.
I say, you'll be favored.
Can you see why we started from me?
Does it make sense?
Does it make sense to you?
A little bit of intelligence to see that, what do you mean?
I have 100.
I should take 10 off.
When I am struggling with my bills, it doesn't make sense.
God give us grace to the humble.
So when you give in to God's ways that God I believe in you, you are taking a step of humility and God looks at you.
He doesn't look at you as someone who is bringing money.
Please, the silver and gold are his.
They're cattle on the 1,000 hills are his.
It makes no difference to him, no difference, no difference to God.
by makes a difference for you.
He gave us grace onto the humble.
Law number two.
I'm in the law that I'll give to you today.
Three, okay.
So law number two is that, tithe in Christians fulfill the law of sewing and ripping, which creates wealth.
This is the oldest law of law creation that's so in a ripen.
If you don't sow, you can reap.
And you reap what you have in sow.
When the seasons are changed, if you have the opportunity to look at people's gardens, you see those who have worked and those who have been worked.
Because when spring comes, you see in someone's garden, you see Lily springing up.
You see, Lily's another flower is coming up and they're seeing someone's garden.
You see weeds.
Have you seen the weeds with yellow flowers?
Yes, you see weeds.
You immediately know who lives in the house.
You can tell who lives in any house by just walking on the pavement in front of houses and just looking at the front lawn.
You can tell who lives in the house, many different houses.
Yeah.
That's what Solomon said.
He said, I went by there.
that is the garden of the lazy man.
And what did I say?
I saw a broken wall.
And I saw weeds coming out.
He, when he saw he understood.
We perhaps haven't understood that you've walked in front of people's front lawns all the way.
You don't understand who he lives there.
But the garden in front of the house tells you who lives there.
Yeah.
Yay!
Even the car parked in front of you, who lives there?
The state of the car.
Have you seen people's cars?
Has someone not given you a lift before?
When you enter the house, you enter the car, you know the owner of the car.
You've only known that the owner of the car is called George.
If you are called George, it's not you.
You know the person is called George.
But you didn't know that this is who George is, Tilly and Tyska.
I went by the field of the slothful.
If you like, forget the slothful.
I went by the field of a city or I went by a field and by the vineyard of a city man.
And lo, it was all grown over with thorns and nettles had covered the face thereof.
And the stone wall thereof was broken down.
That's the front wall was broken.
What type of person is that?
Is somebody who lacks understanding, is somebody who is lazy?
Yeah.
Wow.
Wow, who's it?
So by walking by a group of sisters, you can't see their hair, you tell who they are.
Shabbat katalabah.
Bishop, I thought you said you don't look at her.
It doesn't mean that you turn into whatever.
Yeah, you can tell.
And it's not by money.
It's not because you don't have money.
It's because you don't really care much.
This is a freezing.
They are wondering, how have I come to church today?
Am I looking good or is he looking bad?
No, you all look good.
You all look good.
I mean, as many as I've seen.
I've seen everybody's.
Yeah.
Now you can tell.
I encourage their brothers, their brothers who wear beards, always encourage them to look after the beard.
Because the state of your beard speaks a lot about you.
It's saying so much about you.
Doesn't always tell in them that you know, either take it off or keep it down.
Like it should be like a carpet that is stuck or like a, not carpet tattoo on your face.
It should be like a black tattoo on your face.
Yes.
Then you would discover it takes, it takes a lot of discipline and time to keep it like that.
Otherwise it's like when you will see from a distance like farmer animals, dotted all over your face, dotted.
Someone is saying messy at the back.
Yeah.
Sew in and repent.
Psalm 126 verse 5, there that's so in tears shall reap in joy.
Luke 638, given it shall be given unto you.
Good measure, press down, checking together and running over shall man give into your bosom for with the same measure that you meet with all it shall be measured to you again.
So as you are giving your tithe, you are so in seats.
You're so in siege.
When you sow nothing, you get nothing back.
Then when you don't sow good things, you don't get good things back.
So tithing is sowing.
So long as you don't tithe, it means you don't sow.
And therefore don't expect good measure.
Press down, shaking together and running over.
It's like some of you go to McDonald's and KFC, you say, I won't find that.
You say, with no ice.
With no ice.
No matter how hot it is, with no ice.
Do you know why you say with no ice?
Because you want more drink.
Because according to Archimedes' principles, the ice, the ice, the volume of drink that you have,
Yes.
The volume of the ice or the weight of the ice is the same amount of drink that you won't have.
So those who are the sign students, when they go there, you see them say, no ice, please, no ice.
No ice, because they want more drink.
You didn't know that you're an art student.
Yes, that's why I did know.
Yes, I want ice.
Can I have a lot of ice?
You might as well drink tap water.
More ice, less drink.
Little ice, little less drink.
There you go, and try to fill a glass with water, fill a glass with water, and get some pebbles or stones, whatever you can find, and start dropping into the glass and see what will happen.
You see the drink starts spilling.
You start losing the water.
So it's like the law of displacement.
You are displacing the water.
So you are losing it.
That's a key me, this principle, by the way, yes.
So give, and they shall be given unto you.
So as you are given, God is getting ready to give to you a good measure.
So that's, you say that, press down, press down so there will be room in it, press down, then shake.
He said, when you shake, you displace all the air bubbles.
So you press down, then you shake so that it settles well, compact.
It becomes compact.
The word is compact.
And then he acts more, acts more, press.
Shakes, displaces any air gaps in it and then presses, adds more press, shakes to displace anything that is affecting the amount that it can contain.
It keeps adding until it is running over.
He said, that is what he shall cause men to give to you.
Men shall be given to you.
Yeah, men shall be given to you.
That's the blessing of a tiger.
Am I final law for today?
Final law.
Tiving Christians fulfilled the law of prioritization, prioritization, which creates wealth.
Matthew 6, 33.
You need to learn what to do first, what to do second, what is important, and what is not so important.
It's a very important thing in your life, to learn and to know it.
So, diving shows you that look, these are the priorities of life.
Tiving is important.
Anything, someone gives you 100 pounds, tell yourself I have 90 pounds.
Never tell yourself I have 100.
If you work and you earn 1,200, tell yourself that you earn how much?
1,200.
How much do you earn?
1,080.
Yes.
So budget with 1,080.
You don't know how it is like when you come under pressure.
in public, yes.
It's not like she doesn't know 120 take away whatever, but pressure, the pressure.
She was caught off guard.
But if I ask her her name, she would have remembered.
So, you know, I used to these people when they come for oral exam, they say, I've gone blank.
The best way to catch them is to ask them, I want your name.
When do you remember their name?
They say, you're not blank.
Okay.
Yes, you're okay.
Just say you don't know.
Don't say I've gone blank.
Don't say, eh...
I mean, how does that be your finger bring something that you have learned?
How does it happen?
No, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, it's there, it's there, wait, wait, wait, it's coming.
It's coming.
I know this one.
Come on, stop it.
Yeah.
Let first things always be first.
When you are young, don't joke with education.
Don't you quit education?
Don't be 60, and now it says that you are doing your first degree.
You even have to ask yourself, then you have found wisdom, or you have found wisdom too late.
Because ask yourself, 60, you're in first year.
You graduate at 63.
Ask yourself the next question, who would employ you?
When there's a bubbly, fresh mind, fresh brain, 21-year-old.
That's 63-year-old.
They're going to compete with your grandchild.
Is it you have found wisdom, but the wisdom is of no use to you.
So learn how to do fast things fast.
This is the time to go to school.
This is not the time to drop out of school.
Never drop out of school.
don't drop, and then also go with the times and the seasons.
Because of the after-fest degree, the first degree is in 2019, first degree is virtually nothing.
You have to look for a professional course, or masters, or PhD.
Go for it.
Don't say I've finished my education.
I'm crossing my legs.
I'm waiting for a man to come and marry me and impregnate me so I can start breastfeeding.
Are you abreast?
Me, I'll finish over, me, I'll finish.
Okay, me, I'll finish.
Me, I'll finish.
The next day is my wedding.
I'm ready to breastfeed.
Are you abreast?
No.
Too fast, thanks fast.
If in school, don't drop.
If you drop out, drop in again.
Yes, go back.
I'm telling you as your pastor, go back.
Go back to that place.
Go back.
Go back there and finish nothing that you started.
And when you finish fence degree, find something, find something that gives you some control on the markets.
Yes, you need some control.
You need demand on your life that someone wants you.
Someone would like to have you make yourself employable any day, any time.
No, that's what I say.
I first read my first degree, you know, who I say, what's next?
Whiting.
Visual.
Is this something that you ask?
Whiting.
What if I'm a Whiting?
No, don't do that.
Don't do that to yourself.
Don't drop out.
If you've dropped out and encouraging you by the grace of God, drop back in.
Go back.
Because there's something you can do.
You're more foolish.
You're more useless.
Less deaths are zooming at the first time you chose the wrong cause.
You chose some that you don't have the flair for.
But there's some that you have a flair for.
Find it and do it.
You'll see how you'll be the best.
The faster you have counselors to talk you through.
So what can you do?
Are you good at this?
You need a little bit of direction.
There's some that you can do.
Let me bring a fish here.
Let me put a fish on this stage and see.
You see how clumsy a fish can look.
It will just be here.
And let me take that fish and put it in water.
And you'll see.
You'll see the ease, the ease, the ease in which it will maneuver and move.
You'll see the beauty of the fish.
Just as you, you're working here dancing.
Let me take these same dances and drop them into water.
You see them just like the fish on the stage.
But once I take them out and I put them on stage here.
You see them, you see the beauty of it.
There are gifts come alive.
Discover what you can do because there is something that you can do.
There is something you can do.
You are never created a foolish boy or a foolish girl or an a-head.
There's nothing like that.
Discover what you can do and do it and excel in it and do well, do very well in it and take it to a world cup level.
Yeah.
Take it to the highest level.
There's something you can do.
Why you were struggling?
It just means that you chose the wrong thing.
Yeah, you didn't select the right thing.
That must have caused your struggles.
Because there's something you can do.
And you'll be the best in it.
Hey, in the name of Jesus, you'll be the best.
So put things first.
You have grandchildren.
You're not sending applications to UCO.
Are you understanding fast things?
I'm talking about fast things, priorities, priorities, priorities.
As soon as you miss it, as soon as you put the second thing fast, it becomes bizarre.
It's like sex.
Sex is meant for marriage.
As soon as you're going to have sex before marriage, it's a whole problem.
It's a whole problem.
I mean, it's a problem.
Am I talking to Christians?
Yes.
If you're an unbeliever, it's the problem.
That's why you never do it on the pavement.
Even the unbelievers don't do it on the pavement.
It's a whole problem that creates all sorts of diseases and problems.
Pregnancy outside of marriage is zero pregnancy within marriage.
Your pregnancy is not a sin.
And the child is not to be cast, but you see the same experience in marriage.
When you put it outside marriage, all you needed was two rings from Agos and a priest.
And then you can go and have sex.
That's all you needed.
Two rings from Agos 9.99 each.
I don't know what you are waiting for.
We have free halls.
Come and see me, I'll give you a free hall.
Give you your house.
Yes.
I got married in my sitting room, but that was the church hall then.
I got married in my sitting room.
On the Thursday afternoon, with six people present, including the bride, the groom, and officiated minister.
Am I not married?
You be dancing, you want this thing.
You want what?
Horse-drawn carriage.
What problem?
You got the horse-drawn carriage, but make sure that as you are waiting for the horse-drawn carriage, you don't put second things fast.
That's where all the mess begins.
I said, no, this comes first, before this.
As long as you put second, first, or third, second, or third, first, and then first is third.
Everything is different.
Everything is messed up.
So you can't pay all your bills and all your expenses and everything before you say, where's my type?
He said, OK, Lord, I know my time is supposed to be 50 cities, but Lord, I'm left with 17 pounds 50.
So this month, you take it like that.
Next month, I'll fix you.
But that's why a lot of people do.
You do everything we put.
You see, you put God last.
He's not putting him fast.
He's put last.
And then he will say, I know I've been tithing for a long time, but how have you been tithing?
What have you been doing?
What have you been given?
It's not tight.
It's not 10% of your increase or your income.
It's not 10% of it.
It's like 1% of it.
1750?
It's not the envelope that makes the tithe a tithe.
It's not the envelope.
Neither is it you're standing up.
It's the amount.
Because the tithe is supposed to be a tenth, a tenth.
10%, they don't know how to work out 10%, 10 divided, they means they're divided by 10, divided by 10 means they move the decimal point one place to the left.
So if you have 100 point to make it simple for you, point 01, move it one to the left, it becomes 1.001, that means one.
The ask students are, is that no matter what we do, you're confused.
Why are you like that?
Okay.
You know, one, two, three, four.
Okay, so picture you have one, two, three, then there's a decimal point before four.
You understand?
So one, two, three, point four, divided by 10, move the
decimal point.
That is before the four.
Move it one to your left.
So in that, let it jump over the three and then keep it there.
So now you have one, two, point, three, four.
That's your tie.
Yes.
It's not better for you.
That's how it is.
So when you see, when you see your paycheck, when you see your slip, this picture, the decimal point, move one to the left.
Whatever figure you have before there, that is your type.
That's your type.
That's how to work out your type.
No, when you finish everything, say, tight, there's a type.
Okay, that's what I have left.
I have 17 pounds left, 10 pounds is for oyster.
So I'm left with seven pounds.
So God, take the seven pounds.
This is my type.
No, you are deceiving yourself.
That's not your type.
Your type is 10% of what you have earned.
and do that fast before any other thing, fast, fast, fast, let that take fast place.
Does it, if you end 100 pounds, tell yourself, end 90, and budget with 90, and you activate the law of humility and the law of sewing and ripping, and you see how the Lord opened the windows of heaven to empower you out
great blessings and great help.
Here ends my three laws for today.
May the Lord add his blessing to the preaching of his web.
Stunt your feet and thank God for tithing that he has brought into our lives to activate the law of wealth creation.
Seek in first the kingdom of God and all these things shall be added.
It shall be added.
Thank God.
Thank Him.
Thank Him for today.
Thank Him for the word.
Thank Him for what you have learned and what you have received.
Thank Him.
From the back to the front, everybody praying, speak to God.
Speak to Him.
Some of us should be saying, sorry Lord.
Sorry Lord for making you last, making you dead.
And doing everything before I remember you.
Speak to him.
Tell him from today Lord.
I'll remember you.
I remember you first.
You be first.
So that you can make me first.
You be first Lord.
Yes Lord.
Allah, Basha, Bata, Lava, Diva, Kappa, Shaba, Dava, Kappa, Lava, Hapa.
Yes, Lord.
Talk to Him.
Ties in, it's like a covenant establishing a covenant relationship with God.
He will never change.
He will never fail you.
He will never disappoint you.
Blessings.
Blessings that you come by with money will be released into your life.
Ah, tasha bakapata saiya, pray to Him thanking Him, repenting, repenting Him from your old ways, old ways of being an untiever, ignoring tithing, forgetting about it.
Every little bit's increase that comes into your life.
Remember Him.
Remember the Lord and honor Him, and honor Him with your tithe, with your tithe.
Thank you Lord, thank you Lord, thank you Lord, thank you Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Speak to him.
Speak, speak, speak.
Yes, Lord.
Thank you.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Bless in your name.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we bless you for the riches of your word and the riches of your grace and your great mercy of teaching us and pointing us in the right direction always.
For the teaching on Taven, for us to be blessed, for us to prosper, and for us to be wealthy Lord.
Thank you for this blessed opportunity and the great word we have heard from your word today.
Thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Now, every eye closed, every head bowed today.
I want to pray for you, especially.
You're very special to God today.
God's love is reaching out to you today.
You are here this afternoon, someone invited you to church.
Or you've been in the church for a while, but deep in your heart, you can tell that you don't have a relationship with God.
You don't have a good relationship with God.
Maybe you've had it before, you've lost it, or you've never had it at all.
But today, while every eye is closed, every head is bowed.
You want to say that Pastor, pray with me.
I want to come back to God.
I want to come back to Jesus.
I want to give my life to him.
I want to surrender myself and my life to the lordship of Jesus Christ.
Pastor, please pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
If you're here like that, if you're pastor, pray with me.
Today is my day.
I want to respond to the love of God.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
If you're here like that, just lift up your right hand very quickly wherever you are.
Just your right hand, very quickly lift up high so I can see you.
God bless you.
I can see your hand there.
You also want to join.
Don't say, Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
Keep your hand up.
Just lift up your right hand and I'll pray with you.
Wherever you are, wherever you are standing, every eye close, every head bowed.
God bless you.
I can see your hands.
You also want to join in.
Pastor, please pray with me today.
I need Jesus in my life.
I want to go to heaven.
I want my sense to be forgiven.
I want to come back to God.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
Just your right hand.
God bless you.
I can see your hands.
Now I want you to do one more thing for me.
One more thing.
If you have your hand lifted up or you have decided in your heart that I want to give my life to Jesus today, I want to do one more thing.
I want you to come to me right here in the front.
Come out of your seat and come to me from wherever you are.
Wherever you are.
Come.
Come to Jesus today.
Come quickly.
Come.
Even if you didn't lift up your hand, but you want to make that commitment today.
Come quickly.
Come.
Come to Jesus.
Jesus is calling you.
Jesus is inviting you.
Jesus is drawing you.
Come.
your day to respond to the love of God, to respond to the message of God.
Come to Jesus today.
The millions have come.
There is a room.
There is room for you.
Come.
If you are still debating within yourself, you are not sure.
I want you to come.
I'm waiting for you.
Come and come quickly.
Come to Jesus.
Yes, sing it, that's room.
Sing it, that's room of the cross.
Yes.
Come to Jesus.
Come to Jesus today.
There is rule.
I'm waiting for you.
God bless you.
There is rule.
By your heads, everybody close your eyes and those in front, say this prayer with me after me.
And the whole church, please help us as we say this, but let's say it loudly, boldly, confidently, say it as your prayer to God today.
Save me, say heavenly Father.
Say heavenly Father, I am a sinner.
Please forgive me of all my sins.
I believe in Jesus.
I believe Jesus died for my sins and rose up on the third day.
Heavenly Father, please wash me.
with the blood of Jesus.
Now say, Lord Jesus, say it out loud.
Say, Lord Jesus, please come into my heart.
Be the Lord of my life.
Say, thank you Father for accepting me today and making me a child of yours.
Now say, Satan,
in the name of Jesus.
I reject you.
I bind you.
I cast you out of my life.
I've been bought by the blood of Jesus.
I belong to Jesus.
I am born again.
I will no longer serve you.
I am a servant of God.
I belong to Jesus.
In the mighty name of Jesus,
say say in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen.
Father, pray for all these precious ones.
Establish them in your house.
Thank you for the blood of Jesus that has redeemed them today from the clutches of sin and from the clutches of the evil one.
Thank you Lord for a new life and a good life and a better life Lord.
Thank you for your blessing and thank you for your help.
In Jesus' name I pray, amen.
Please receive these gifts very quickly before you go back to your seat just for you, for you to read and to grow in the Lord.
Now at the close of service, I look like all of you in front, at the close of service, can you see this banner that says Salvation Corner, at the close of service I need all of you to come here, I can be seated here.
We'll talk to you for a brief while before you go home.
So don't leave before the service is over because at the end of the service, we'll have a brief meeting with you right here at Salvation Corner before you go home.
God bless you and we go back to your seats.
Come for them as they go back to your seats.
Your carpet is weak.
Is that your best lap?
Wow.
You're clapping like you're watching a movie.
This is salvation.
Salvation.
That's all.
It's communion time.
Speaking times, I want you to pray for healing, for a blessing.
As you receive the caps in your hand, I want to pray over it.
Pray.
Let us defend it into your body.
God send in the power of God.
The power of God will change.
Yes, Lord.
And my blood is drinking deep.
The cup of blessing which we bless.
Yes, Jesus.
Pray.
Speak over the blood.
Speak over the cup.
The bread which we bread.
It will change.
It will heal in.
Yes Lord.
Oh, this is the Holy meal.
It is the meal of God.
The power of God is about to be made into your life.
It will bring you life.
Yes Lord.
When I see the blood.
Oh, oh.
Speak over it!
What you're holding!
You're holding power!
Speak over it!
Assign it!
To stop problems!
To resolve problems!
To open doors!
To close doors!
To separate you!
From every evil and every wack of darkness!
The blood will do it!
Yes!
Speak over it.
It's becoming power in your hands.
Dynamite in your hands.
Yes.
By the blood.
By the blood you overcome.
By the blood you have victory.
By the blood you raise.
By the blood, by the blood, by the blood, by the blood of Jesus.
Yes.
Thank you, Jesus.
Father, I speak over every cup here and I declare this is the blood of Jesus.
I speak over every bread, Lord.
I declare this is the body of Christ.
Lord as we eat and we drink.
Let it work wonders.
Let it create wonders.
Let it create changes in our lives.
Let it open doors Lord.
Let it close doors Lord.
Let it cause separation from evil.
Let it paralyze and kill the evil one and drown the evil one from our lives of God.
Thank you for the power in the blood.
Let it heal our bodies.
Let it heal our organs.
Let it heal every part of our beating of God.
Let that be healing, Lord.
Let the life of Jesus rain in your lives by the eating of the Lord's body and the drinking of the Lord's blood.
Thank you, Father, for the wonders that we shall experience in Jesus' name, the body of Christ.
Eat it.
The blood of Jesus, drink all of it.
Lift up your two hands, father.
Let the grace, the messy, the miracles, the wonders that this communion has accomplished.
Let it be permanent in the lives of these people.
Let it be permanent.
Let it all go.
Be permanent, Lord, in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everybody said, amen.
Your amen is very weak.
Say a stronger amen.
And give the Lord your loudest clap and shout of victory.
You are victorious.
You have overcome.
I declare over you, you have overcome.
I say, you have overcome.
That thing that you've never overcome, it has been overcome today.
By the blood, by the blood, by the blood, by the blood, by the blood, by the blood.
You have the victory in Jesus' name.
Give two people a victorious hike and take your seats.
Tell them you're victorious.
And take your seat in his presence.
Beautiful.
God bless you.
Did you tell somebody God bless you?
Tell somebody God bless you.
Believe it as you say, say to the person, God bless you.
You are releasing a weapon and a power into the person's life.
Look the person in the eyes and say, God bless you.
You don't easily come by blessings.
People say good morning, good afternoon, good evening.
They say hello, mate.
These are the things you hear.
You don't easily hear God bless you.
Hello, hi.
Good morning.
How are you?
It doesn't bring blessings.
So tell somebody again, God bless you.
Look for somebody else and release another blessing.
Look for somebody else and release a blessing.
Tell the blessing you needed for the week.
God bless you.
You shall be favored.
You shall be helped.
You shall be promoted.
You will increase and not decrease.
You will be victorious.
It will be well with you.
God wipes every tear from your face.
God gives you laughter.
God gives you a dance.
God gives you a reason to celebrate.
Receive it.
God bless you.
Put your hands together one more time.
Wow, what an amazing service that was.
You can watch this message again on Facebook Live.
For more messages, be sure to subscribe to the First Love Church UK podcast and listen to the anointed words of our pastor, Bishop Richard Aye.
Have a blessed week.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information, follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube and First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week.
For the light is calm And the glory of the Lord